guys we have new reports this
time from a guy named Playa McEwan
you'll forgive my English which you know
isn't good hitting
the famous documentary that was
so talked about last month Living
Neverland in which two men over
thirty years old accused Michael
Jackson of having committed sexual acts
sexual abuse against them for more
than seven years when they were little
first of all before I start
telling you what is said in this
report I wanted to ask you if you like
this type of videos to support it a lot it's
worth with your like with your
subscriptions and with many comments
above all share it on all the
social networks if you are interested in me continuing to
talk about Michael Jackson since these
videos do not usually monetize due to the
content they have and I do it because I
find it interesting to inform you and with
the knowledge of what it is about the
report that I am going to talk to you about is called
Neverland First although it is something
like Neverland from the first
hand Neverland first hand or rather we are
going to talk to people
close with people from
Michael Jackson's family for me the documentary
The Living Neverland was already pretty much
knocked down from the moment we saw it you
just need to have a few lights
to know that it did not provide any
evidence and that it was not about
manipulations and so we investigate we go
a little deeper as we did in the
previous video with which I am going to leave the
description we realize that it
was all a complete fallacy that it was
full of contradictions and that it did not
hold up anywhere I also
tell you that several more documentaries are going to come out the
most important for me is the one that
Michael Jackson's nephew is preparing
Tag Jackson who appears in this
report by the way and from the data that
is coming out of what is being rumored is that it is
going to be devastating it is
going to be totally devastating it
seems very necessary to continue
talking about this subject because when a
lie is told for a long time it
becomes the truth or at least
half-truths always since I was little I have
been hearing rumors about
Michael Jackson's supposed pedophilia and
in the end it is like something that remains
in history people usually do  a
lot of echo of the bad is worth the bad sells
a lot as for example has happened with
this documentary that has lifted
the earth again not to lift the carpet that
was full of [ __ ] underneath but
nevertheless then the media and the people do
not echo the good things like
for example all the contradictions and
all the lies that
these two buffoons were asked to tell these 23 for
that documentary that is why I say that the
more documentaries are released the more
this subject is talked about the more we
echo it the better so that
the truth is known because at the end of the day
we are
honored by a person who has been
good who has done a lot for many people
among them the protagonists of this
documentary that it would piss me off to be so
shameless to have the life that you have
had thanks to what Michael has given you
and to not let him rest in
peace neither inning nor after death I
am planning to make a video to
tell you a few of the rather
shady things that Michael Jackson had to endure
throughout his life
because despite the fact that the king has
achieved many things that no one has
achieved in life and that he has been a
life full of success and everything has gone
apparently very well he has had many
bad things okay he has had a lot of
suffering and he has had very
truly sad things and I would like to
make a video telling them all and
explaining them in detail but for
that let me know in the comments and
well it is reported it begins with the
call from Evan Chandler who in case
someone does not remember that name is a
very important man in history
even if he is a buffoon since he is the
first person to denounce Michael
Jackson for alleged child abuse
his young son Jordan this report
begins with this call that we already
heard in the previous video that I uploaded
where he basically recognizes the intention
to extort the singer to
recover financially since this
man had financial problems in
life
about 60,000 dollars in support for his
son he had a lot of conflict with his
ex-wife over custody of the child and he
got the statements from the child under some
kind of sedative a kind of
sedative that they give you when you go to the
dentist
wow
the character careful did not try to
extort Michael in exchange for money
and he already  I said that a whole thing that doesn't
make any sense that I remember
taking it because any father who has
lived with his cards that his son has been
abused doesn't want all the money in the
world he wants the guilty party to pay I
hope he pays with the worst
punishment whatever sentence they're going to
give that rapist that abuser
will never be enough for a father it's
impossible to silence a father
with money it's supposed they came to an
agreement of 22 million dollars but
the singer has never confirmed this
but apparently the thing could be around
10, 20 or 25 million
dollars that wouldn't come out of the singer's pocket I
already explained this in
the previous video this came from an
insurance company and it was the recommendation that
Michael had at that time Michael
wanted to continue with the criminal route okay you
know that there is a route that is civil and
another that is criminal and Mike and he wanted to
continue with the criminal but
the civil route was going to be put first which was the one to
claim money so that you
understand more or less what
things were like in the US  when the criminal route is given first,
a civil one is no longer given, okay because it is
assumed that the
guilty party has already been sentenced and there is no need to claim
the money, they will already pay for their actions.
But of course when they are going to be
judged civilly first, yes,
a criminal one can come later, and that man was
interested in the civil route in the first place
because he wanted to claim money.
Patio
Berwyn explained my father YouTube
in fact I
hate my stone record
Servet
also this man then had problems
okay he was reported by his own son
for trying to kill him with an
iron beam and he had to flee the country he ended up
committing suicide after
Michael Jackson's death but I think that
had no relation, it's simply that the guy was
a careful character. Also I want to
explain one thing and underline it very well
is that we are talking about the 90s,
the 90s are not the same time that
runs now that any rumor or
anything that is said about any
famous person, well you have there running an
Instagram story of the famous person in
question giving explanations or a tweet
or a video on YouTube or whatever, not him
in the 90s  The private lives of
stars were like some kind of Enigma
Valley we only knew what
the media told us or what the media
wanted to tell us. Nowadays you know what
the media manipulates
we've had many cases of the
youtubers themselves that we have experienced
firsthand and we have seen how the
press manipulates us right in our faces it
does as it pleases to be able to sell more
get more clicks imagine in the
90s in the 90s they would shove in our faces
whatever the hell came out of their balls
precisely the king of pop there were
many rumors that ended up
like for example the fact that Michael
Jackson was bleaching his skin
because he wanted to stop being black in
fact I remember my mother when I was little
telling me that although Michael
Jackson removed layers of skin to
make himself white and it's something that I did
n't understand because he wanted to but if
we go to the beach and we put on
cream to get a tan and the truth
was that I knew he already suffered from a
fairly common disease because in
fact I know people who have it
called vitiligo  and it's about you
losing the color of your skin and this is
obviously more noticeable in
black people, in white people and what mickael
did was put on makeup to make it
look uniform at first he put on
makeup to cover the
white spots but then in the end he had to
put on the opposite makeup to cover the
black spots because he had more
white skin than black it
's time to destroy the traditional ones
and one of the ugliest rumors and that
has sounded the most in the history of michael
jackson is precisely the alleged
child abuse when he has only
been reported in life by two children
one is the one I'm talking about and
the other another child whose parents were like that
ended up seeing the
mother because she was involved in some
kind of scam that took advantage of the
child's illness to get money from
a television or an
insurance company anyway
[Music]
but people in general who have not
informed themselves who have not watched
documentaries or who have simply
heard things in the background what
sticks in their heads is the fact that there have
been rumors that michael jackson
was a  pedophile does not remain that in the
end it has been denied because the
parents of those children turned out to be about
3 and scammers another person who
intervenes in this report is the
niece of Michael Jackson and this
seems very important to me in fact I am
completely sure that in the
character report this girl will also appear
and it turns out that Weight Drop is the
protagonist of the HB documentary or that would
screw me HB or lend themselves to
something like that it seems that they should should
lose surprised that it has but well
in the end h I see only
people have it to watch Game of Thrones
because this girl had a relationship with
White Johnson for approximately seven years
until she was 17 or 18 years old which
was when Wayne Rosso began to change
and this girl, Michael Jackson's niece, began
to catch her lies time that
being a climber already careful
prevented her from several infidelities among them
with Britney Spears because this boy was
for a time Britney
Spears' choreographer and Living Neverland it is very
curious that they do not mention this relationship
but
but it's understandable obviously this
couple met through Michael
Jackson because well dude Rosso noticed
the girl and asked his uncle to
do it because he would find her in some
way so he could ask her out and that's
exactly what he did Michael Jackson
didn't set up a date for the
kids they met and were in a
relationship for seven years
practically throughout their adolescence which is what
happens if you in the documentary The
Living Ever you're telling her that
Michael and the kid are in love
they have some kind of romance then it doesn't
fit that they tell this story that
Michael introduced him to his niece so they could
go out together well this girl
tells us more or less the type of person
that Dude Rosso is a climber and they
talk about a small paragraph that they
find in the diary the way very
curious quite interesting that says
something like my story of abuse
good effects will arise on my relevance
and my wallet why would someone write
something like that in their diary also interview there will
be apps umbert stressed you will
forgive me for my bad English that he was the
technician of the king of porn and more  no less
than for 18 years in the
workplace and in the personal sphere both in
professional and
personal projects such as for example the famous
neverland okay this man is a
trusted worker of michael
jackson he
was always running cables under
the bed in michael jackson's room
to install the speakers
this man completely denies a
part of wind robson's accusation in
which he says that one of the places where there was
sexual abuse was in one of the
booths in michael jackson's recording studio
and this man
basically sees it as impossible because
those booths are the ones they accessed to
work for what was also to talk
to a certain scope drops who apparently is
one of the most
important researchers in hollywood and this man
basically what he emphasizes is that he
was present when the 2005 trial
okay he was the second child who denounced
michael that at this trial remember that
wey robson went to testify in favor of
michael jackson and it turns out that in
those statements white did not have any
contradictions every time he had to
testify he told the same version
perfectly without  no kind of
contradiction or variation which doesn't
happen for example on this occasion when he
's lying on this occasion
we find several contradictions such as
in one interview he said he did
n't know James who is the other
partner who makes the documentary that they do
n't know know people who only
knew him from the Pepsi commercial and then
in an interview with Oprah
by the way about a traitor that we will talk
about her in another video she answers
Oprah that yes they met in
person at Neverland when you're
telling the truth you don't even have to
think about what you're going to say or fall into
contradictions because you simply
have to remember what happened and
if you're not lying you're always going to tell the
same thing but when you're making things up there are
times when you're not
prepared and you make mistakes because if you're
telling things as they are there
's only one way to tell them as I said at the
beginning of the video this man
interviewed also in this report
attack is the nephew of Michael Jackson
who is one of the people that we are seeing the most
for defending
his uncle's honor they talk about the faxes that are shown
in the documentary that he already explains in  the
previous video those faxes are
totally taken out of context because they
are not the only ones that Michael sent to
dude
in fact they sent faxes to his mother, to
his sister, to dude himself and
Michael's nephew shows us other
faxes that his uncle sent to him to
show us that Michael was that
loving equally with all the children
and with all the people in the family
for me this makes him look much worse dude
because it shows us once again that
Michael opened the doors of his house to him,
that he treated him like a family member that he gave him
life, all he needed was to remove a
kidney and give it to that family so that
later they gave it back to him if
later they talk about the subject of the circus du
soleil that as I
told you they were preparing a tour a
show about Michael Jackson that
by the way is amazing if they
come to Spain do not hesitate to see them
higey was sending them emails to
ask him for a job to be the
main choreographer, a job that not only was
given, they denied it, they offered him a
position as a dancer but the kid
barely got it.  He wanted to be the head of
choreography and he couldn't be then
after that he starts going on all the
television channels and writes a book where he
tells us about the alleged abuses that
Michael Jackson did to
this man suddenly when he didn't give him that job a light
bulb goes on in his head he realizes
that Michael Jackson
abused him when he was little for the first
27 years of his life he hadn't
realized he's at 28 years old
luckily no publisher buys that
book in fact he went to the television channels and
tried to sell that book before filing
a lawsuit and then after this he
filed a civil lawsuit where he asked for
financial compensation from Michael's family
for the alleged abuse and
well crime another thing that doesn't add up to me
okay because this man
for years has been participating in
other Michael Jackson shows even though
Michael Jackson was dead and that you
want to act in a show in
honor of a person who abused you
when you were little it
makes a lot of sense to file a complaint against
a person for sexual abuse when they are
already dead unless your purpose
is to get money because it is supposed
to  you're going to file the complaint while the
person is alive so that the person pays for
what they've done. In addition, in this same
report they talk about how this guy
was selling
Michael Jackson's personal items, a
sign that he needed the money, so
what person has in their possession something as
valuable as Michael Jackson's personal items,
like for example the [ __ ]
hat from the Smoke Criminal video, do
you know how much that is worth? Who the hell is
going to sell that? They must be in real
need of money to get rid of
an item like that. I really feel so sorry for
this guy Wait, like many other people
who have crossed
Michael Jackson's path because I'm
totally clear that he was a
good person, that he was a super pure person of
heart, that he was a person who
unnecessarily gave a lot to people who
needed it, when he could have been
selfish and kept all the
things that success had brought him, and
yet they'll only be returned with some
pretty ugly betrayals from people to
whom he had given his complete trust,
had opened the door to his house and had
done a lot for her. But anyway,
guys, I hope you liked this
video.  If you want,
leave me the comments in the description
of this man's report. I have
told you that it is only
available on his YouTube channel and it
is only available in English. But I am
also going to leave a couple of
videos below that quite well dismantle everything
that is the documentary of
Living de verla and many other
questions about the life of Michael
Jackson and also very well argued and
with enough evidence. I have said,
see you in the next video.